Documentation to Install nmos-cpp with Conan 2 (#1)
johanjino/nmos-cpp: Documents/Installation-with-Conan.md

> ## Guide to Install and Setup nmos-cpp using Conan Package Manager: 

Reviewer: - no colon at end of heading
- shorter heading
- title case

```suggestion
## Install and Set Up nmos-cpp Using Conan

The following steps describe how to install and set up nmos-cpp using the Conan package manager.
For many platforms, a binary package is available from Conan Center Index so it isn't necessary to build nmos-cpp or any of its dependencies.
```

1. Install conan:

> `pip install --upgrade conan>=2.0.5`

Reviewer: - Using a code fence to get nicer formatting
- Indenting for better doc structure
- Changing from `>=` to `~=` because we wouldn't want an incompatible greater version, such as 3.0 might be

~~~suggestion
   ```sh
   pip install --upgrade conan~=2.0.5
   ```
~~~

>     If conan.exe is not in PATH you will get warning: 
> 	 
> 
> 	> WARNING: The script conan.exe is installed in 'C:\Users\%USER%\AppData\Local\Packages\PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.12_qbz5n2kfra8p0\LocalCache\local-packages\Python312\Scripts' which is not on PATH.
> 	  Consider adding this directory to PATH or, if you prefer to suppress this warning, use --no-warn-script-location.
> 
> 
>    Then the shown path needs to be added manually. After maunally adding the PATH, Restart the command line and run `conan --help` to ensure Conan is added to path successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the python Scripts directory is not on the PATH you will get a warning like:
   > WARNING: The script conan.exe is installed in 'C:\Users\%USER%\AppData\Local\Packages\PythonSoftwareFoundation.Python.3.12_qbz5n2kfra8p0\LocalCache\local-packages\Python312\Scripts' which is not on PATH.
   > Consider adding this directory to PATH or, if you prefer to suppress this warning, use --no-warn-script-location.

   On Windows, you can use _System Properties \> Environment Variables..._ to permanently add the directory to the user PATH. Restart the Command Prompt and run `conan --help` to ensure Conan is found.
```

3. Detect Profile:
	Run `conan profile detect`. \

>   This will create a conan profile with values based on your dev setup. Ideally the profile should be similar to these:

Reviewer: - isn't this 2 not 3?
- consistent capitalization, why "Profile" capitalized here, but Conan not in "Install conan"?

~~~suggestion
2. Detect profile:
   ```sh
   conan profile detect
   ```
   This will create a Conan profile with values based on your current platform, compiler, etc.
   Ideally the profile should be similar to these:
~~~

	
   For windows:
	```{txt}
	[settings]
	arch=x86_64
	build_type=Release
	compiler=msvc
	compiler.cppstd=14
	compiler.runtime=dynamic
	compiler.runtime_type=Release
	compiler.version=193
	os=Windows
	```
	For Linux:
	```{txt}
	[settings]
	arch=x86_64
	build_type=Release
	compiler=gcc
	compiler.cppstd=17
	compiler.version=11
	os=Linux

> 	```

Reviewer: - spaces not tabs (also applies in other places)
- `ini` has nicer formatting for this sort of config file than `txt`
- removed the Windows `compiler.runtime_type` because I read somewhere (sorry, no reference) that it causes trouble?

~~~suggestion
   Windows
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=msvc
   compiler.cppstd=14
   compiler.runtime=dynamic
   compiler.version=193
   os=Windows
   ```
   Linux
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=gcc
   compiler.cppstd=17
   compiler.version=11
   os=Linux
   ```
~~~

> 	```

Reviewer: - spaces not tabs (also applies in other places)
- `ini` has nicer formatting for this sort of config file than `txt`
- removed the Windows `compiler.runtime_type` because I read somewhere (sorry, no reference) that it causes trouble?

~~~suggestion
   Windows
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=msvc
   compiler.cppstd=14
   compiler.runtime=dynamic
   compiler.version=193
   os=Windows
   ```
   Linux
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=gcc
   compiler.cppstd=17
   compiler.version=11
   os=Linux
   ```
~~~

4. Install nmos cpp:
	`conan install --tool-requires=nmos-cpp/cci.20240223`\

>   If on windows, also run `./conanbuild.bat` to ensure the executables for nmos-cpp-node and nmos-cpp-registry are added to path.

Reviewer: - correct name ("nmos-cpp" not "nmos cpp")
- capitalize Windows
- fix incorrect slash for Command Prompt (unless we add instructions saying this is Powershell...?)
- add Linux equivalent

~~~suggestion
3. Install nmos-cpp:
   ```sh
   conan install --tool-requires=nmos-cpp/cci.20240223
   ```
   Make the `nmos-cpp-registry` and `nmos-cpp-node` executables available in the current session.
   On Windows, run `.\conanbuild.bat`.
   On Linux, run `./conanbuild.sh`.
~~~

>    Alternatively if the nmos-cpp-node and nmos-cpp-registry has still not been added to path, you can add them manually (Executables likely located at C:\Users\%USERNAME%\.conan2\p\nmos-768c7905bf562\p\bin\Release) or work around this as shown below:

Reviewer: I think I don't want to get into the issue that _conanbuild.bat_ doesn't work, hopefully my PR on the CCI recipe is merged soon!

I'd be happy to keep the `direct_deploy` guidance as an alternative if tested on both Windows and Linux.

Author: Tested and done: [commit](https://github.com/johanjino/nmos-cpp/pull/1/commits/45d43c12b36ff53973ed9e6998eb0da66ca49898)

    
	> Executables can be copied to current working directory using a direct installation:\
	> `conan install --requires=nmos-cpp/cci.20240223 --deployer=direct_deploy`
   	> - `--deployer=direct_deploy` copies the direct dependencies, in this case nmos-cpp-registry.exe and nmos-cpp-node.exe.
   	>
 	> \

> 	> Launch the registry using `./direct_deploy/nmos-cpp/bin/Release/nmos-cpp-registry.exe <your_config.json>` \

Reviewer: Oddly the documentation implies that the path includes the version as well as the dependency name, like **_direct_deploy/nmos-cpp/cci.20240223/bin/Release/nmos-cpp-registry_**.

Is that not the case?

https://docs.conan.io/2.0/reference/extensions/deployers.html#direct-deploy

Author: ![On my installation on windows](https://github.com/johanjino/nmos-cpp/assets/92362159/8b52a28b-b3dd-430b-a21d-877c9f8e5703)

This was how it was installed for me in Windows. Tried other packages are all of them did not have version. I later went to [conan installation script](https://github.com/conan-io/conan/blob/develop2/conan/internal/deploy.py#L118) and found this: 

```python
_deploy_single(dep, conanfile, output_folder, dep.ref.name)
```
Direct deploy only creates a folder with the ref.name, which here is nmos-cpp. On the other hand:

```python
folder_name = os.path.join("full_deploy", dep.context, dep.ref.name, str(dep.ref.version))
...
 _deploy_single(dep, conanfile, output_folder, folder_name)
```
Full deploy uses ref.version as well to generate folder name.

Seems like either a bug or an error in doc. Should I point this out as an GitHub issue?

Reviewer: Good research. ~Please open an [issue](https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues) with the references to _deploy.py_ you included above, contrasted to the docs at https://github.com/conan-io/docs/blob/1757da950c00155b3410d9bcd1cb815a41f899e4/reference/extensions/deployers.rst?plain=1#L51.~

Reviewer: I think it's also instructive to read @memsharded guidance on virtual envs vs direct deploy - https://github.com/conan-io/conan/issues/15913#issuecomment-2014944542

Reviewer 2: I'd say some small difference among the deployers are expected:
- The ``direct_deploy`` is intended to deploy one package, without having to deploy its dependencies. Mostly for convenient extraction of some files inside a given package. So the files won't collide with other package files when deployed. The pkg name has been respected, but it could have been dropped too.
- The ``full_deploy`` deploys the full dependency graph. It is common that more than 1 different version of the same dependency occurs on a graph, then the version becomes more necessary to avoid collisions in the deployment.

Reviewer: @memsharded Makes sense, thanks! In which case, perhaps just the example in the documentation for the direct deployer is slightly wrong, since it includes a version directory.

Reviewer 2: Could be outdated or wrong, yep. If you want to do it, it would be great if you can submit a ticket or a PR to the docs about it, otherwise I can do it myself. Thanks for pointing this out!

Reviewer: Done: https://github.com/conan-io/docs/pull/3675

	> Launch nodes using `./direct_deploy/nmos-cpp/bin/Release/nmos-cpp-node.exe <your_config.json>`.
  

>   If your executables where added to PATH you could call then directly like:  `nmos-cpp-node <your_config.json>` and `nmos-cpp-registry <your_config.json>`

Reviewer: - fix typo "where" to "were"

```suggestion
4. Try running nmos-cpp-registry and/or nmos-cpp-node:
   If your executables were added to the PATH you could call then directly like:  `nmos-cpp-node <your_config.json>` and `nmos-cpp-registry <your_config.json>`
```

   > Consider adding this directory to PATH or, if you prefer to suppress this warning, use --no-warn-script-location.

   On Windows, you can use _System Properties \> Environment Variables..._ to permanently add the directory to the user PATH. Restart the Command Prompt and run `conan --help` to ensure Conan is found.

2. Detect profile:
   ```sh
   conan profile detect
   ```
   This will create a Conan profile with values based on your current platform, compiler, etc.
   Ideally the profile should be similar to these:
	
   Windows
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=msvc
   compiler.cppstd=14
   compiler.runtime=dynamic
   compiler.version=193
   os=Windows
   ```
   Linux
   ```ini
   [settings]
   arch=x86_64
   build_type=Release
   compiler=gcc
   compiler.cppstd=17
   compiler.version=11
   os=Linux
   ```

3. Install nmos-cpp:
   ```sh
   conan install --tool-requires=nmos-cpp/cci.20240223
   ```
   Make the `nmos-cpp-registry` and `nmos-cpp-node` executables available in the current session.
   On Windows, run `.\conanbuild.bat`.
   On Linux, run `./conanbuild.sh`.

  
4. Try running nmos-cpp-registry and/or nmos-cpp-node:

>    If your executables were added to the PATH you could call then directly like:  `nmos-cpp-node <your_config.json>` and `nmos-cpp-registry <your_config.json>`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
4. Try starting nmos-cpp-registry and/or nmos-cpp-node:
   ```sh
   nmos-cpp-registry
   nmos-cpp-node
   ```
   For more information about running these applications and the JSON configuration file that can be passed on the command-line, see the [Tutorial](Tutorial.md).
~~~
